Meterpreter Payloads
As described on the Metasploit site,
Meterpreter is a multi-function payload
that can be dynamically
extended at run-time.
In practice, this means
that the Meterpreter shell
provides more features and functionality
than a regular command shell,
offering capabilities such
as file transfer,
keylogging, and various other methods
of interacting with the victim machine.
These tools are especially useful
in the post-exploitation phase.
Because of Meterpreter’s
flexibility and capability,
it’s the favorite and most commonly-
used Metasploit payload.
A search for the keyword “meterpreter”
returns a long list of results.
Narrowing the search to
the payload category
reveals meterpreter versions for multiple
operating systems and architectures
including Windows, Linux, Android, Apple
iOS, FreeBSD, and Apple OS X/macOS.
There are a multitude of Meterpreter
versions based on specific
programming languages,
protocols and transports,
and other various specifications.
We can select a specific
meterpreter payload with “set”
and configure it just as we would
a standard reverse shell payload:
Let’s try this payload against Syncbreeze.
With everything configured correctly,
we can launch the exploit
and establish a reverse
meterpreter connection:
Let’s dig a bit farther into Meterpreter
to demonstrate how it is more flexible
and powerful than standard payloads.